OBSDOCS-206: Add multi ClusterLogForwarder docs and clean up existing documentation (#64935)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/log_collection_forwarding/log-forwarding.adoc

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
[id="log-forwarding"]
= About log collection and forwarding
:context: log-forwarding

toc::[]

Administrators can create `ClusterLogForwarder` resources that specify which logs are collected, how they are transformed, and where they are forwarded to.

> `ClusterLogForwarder` resources can be set up to forward container, infrastructure, and audit logs to specific endpoints within or outside of a cluster. Transport Layer Security (TLS) is supported so that log forwarders can be configured to send logs securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClusterLogForwarder` resources can also be used to forward container, infrastructure, and audit logs to specific endpoints within or outside of a cluster. Transport Layer Security (TLS) is supported so that log forwarders can be configured to send logs securely.
```

Author: left out "also", since this is further explaining something from the first sentence, not an additional functionality

Administrators can also authorize RBAC permissions that define which service accounts and users can access and forward which types of logs.

include::modules/log-forwarding-modes.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="log-forwarding-enabling-multi-clf-mode"]
== Enabling multi log forwarder mode for a cluster

> To use multi log forwarder mode, you must create a service account and cluster role bindings for that service account. You can then reference the service account in the `ClusterLogForwarder` resource to control access permissions.

Reviewer 2: Note: The cluster-logging operator must be deployed as global operator.

Author: Is there something outside of the usual default installation settings for the Operator that needs to be done for this?
E.g. do users need to follow https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/operators/admin/olm-adding-operators-to-cluster.html#olm-installing-global-namespaces_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster or similar, or is it enough as long as their Operator is installed in **All namespaces** / the `openshift-operators` global namespace?

Reviewer 3: I don't think this matters given we have to change the deployed manifest to watch all namespaces; that alone makes it a global operator.  AFAIK there is no way for someone deploying the operator to change the installMode.  We will continue to install into "openshift-logging" with no intention or expectation to install elsewhere
